What? The release of the hostages
was unlikely?
So how many are left?
How many? Tell me!
Ma'am, you can't sit down.
The pins will hurt you.
Ma'am, don't worry too much.
How can I not worry right now?
What if
exactly 13 students are left?
Then what?
Ma'am.
This is really
confidential information.
According to my husband,
this hostage situation is
a scheme that the North and South
planned together.
My goodness.
The North and South?
For the election?
Yes.
So I doubt they're really going
to kill those college girls. Right?
You're right.
-They won't, right?
-No.
What about our Yeong-ro?
Was she released too?
Was Yeong-ro released too?
Well, I guess so.
Anything else that's unusual?
What? They shot at Gang-mu
to make him go back in?
When?
Okay, I'll be there.
I should go to the scene.
Why? What's going on?
Now that 30 of them have been released,
27 are left in there.
This is amazing.
It's getting closer to 13.
Lim Soo-ho is… How should I put it?
I know this since I used to live with him.
I didn't get any killer or spy vibes
from him at all.
-Rather, he was quite sweet.
-Oh, God.
And he was quite thoughtful.
He released 30, and you're his fan now?
It's all your fault, Gwang-tae.
You suggested the blind date.
Come on, you can't blame him for that.
I mean, he didn't know Soo-ho was
a spy when he was setting us
-up on the blind date.
-Jeez.
Why are you taking his side?
Do you like him?
What?
Well, I… It's not that.
-I just…
-Hey. Yoon Seol-hui.
Don't tell me…
Yes, you're right, Hye-ryeong.
When I saw Seol-hui at the Open House,
she struck my heart
like it was destiny.
Struck your heart?
What is she, Cupid's Arrow?
What a sly bastard. That's not love.
You're just after her money.
How could you say that?
Seol-hui is my muse and sun.
You know nothing.
Seol-hui.
Will you marry me?
I'll protect you
for the rest of my life.
Hey!
Having fun?
Look at her. She's actually happy.
So why did you two-time him
when you weren't even interested in him?
What's a proposal without a ring?
You're right. What a shame.
It happens only once in your life!
By the way, have you even kissed?
-Stop that!
-Keep it down.
Are you saying
the presidential election is in nine days,
and for my dad to win the election,
we might all be killed?
I can't say for sure,
but we can't rule out that possibility.
Sir.
How about you use me?
Use you?
Then before that,